Quick start guide readme (#23)
Seagate/cloudfuse: README.md

  - Streaming: If 0MB are selected, streaming will not cache any blocks.
  - Go to [File-Cache](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/File-Cache) and [Streaming](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Streaming) for details.
* Save your changes for the GUI to write your new config file.

You can also manually configure the config file without the GUI, you can find instructions [here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Config-File).

## Basic Use
### Linux
Launch the provided GUI and use the [Config instructions above](#Config) to configure the settings.
* `To mount`
  - Through the main window in the GUI, browse to the location you want your cloud to be mounted, then select the EMPTY folder you want.
    You may need to create this folder.
  - In the drop down menu, select the type of cloud you have, S3 or Azure, then click `mount`.
  - You should now see your data in the folder you selected.
* `To unmount`
  - Through the main window in the GUI, browse to your mounted folder and select it.
  - Select the type of cloud you have, S3 or Azure.
  - Click the unmount mutton.
  - The mount folder should now be empty.

### Windows

> Note: Make sure WinSFP is installed in the [install instructions](#Installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Make sure WinSFP is installed, in the [install instructions](#Installation).

```

  - Example: cloudfuse unmount all

### Windows:

The general format of the Cloudfuse Windows commands is:
 `cloudfuse service [command] [arguments] --[flag-name]=[flag-value]`
  * `cloudfuse service install` - Install as a Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service uninstall` - Uninstall cloudfuse from a Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service start` - Start the Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service stop` - Stop the Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service mount \<mount path>  --config-file=\<config file>` - Mount an instance that will persist in Windows when restarted
  * `cloudfuse service unmount \<mount path>` - Unmount mount of Cloudfuse running as a Windows service

### Secure options for both Windows and Linux
To use security options the general format for cloudfuse commands is `cloudfuse [command] [arguments] --[flag-name]=[flag-value]`
* `secure decrypt` - Decrypts a config file.
* `secure encrypt` - Encrypts a config file.
* `secure get` - Gets value of a config parameter from an encrypted config file.
* `secure set` - Updates value of a config parameter.

Note - If you do not have admin rights, you can still mount your cloud without Windows Service, however

> the process will stay in the foreground. You may mount the cloud in the foreground using the command line arguments by removing 'service'.

Reviewer: Since it's really only one command we're talking about, maybe it would be good to just specify it (`cloudfuse mount`) and mention that it takes the terminal so you use Ctrl+C to unmount.

Author: Done!

# Cloudfuse - An S3 and Azure Storage FUSE driver
## About
Cloudfuse provides the ability to mount a cloud bucket in your local filesystem on Linux and Windows with a GUI for easy configuration.
With Cloudfuse you can easily read and write to the cloud, and connect programs on your computer to the cloud even if they're not cloud-aware.
Cloudfuse uses file caching to provide the performance of local storage, or you can use streaming mode to efficiently access small parts of large files (e.g. video playback).
Cloudfuse is a fork of [blobfuse2](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse), and adds S3 support, a GUI, and Windows support.
Cloudfuse supports clouds with an S3 or Azure interface.

> ## Support

Author: I like having support above, however I have no strong opinion so I moved support right above the FAQ section.

Please submit an issue
[here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/issues) for any issues/feature
requests/questions.

## Installation
Download the provided installation packages for your preferred operating system.  -- COMING SOON!

Please refer to the [Installation from source](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Installation-From-Source) to 
manually install Cloudfuse.

## Config

> The GUI will populate the default values for most of the settings when going through the initial config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GUI can help you quickly configure Cloudfuse.

```

> * Launch the GUI from two different methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are two ways to run the GUI:

```

  - Open the Cloudfuse GUI provided in the installation package -- COMING SOON!

>   - Open the GUI from source, which is explained [here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Running-the-GUI-from-source)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Run the GUI from source ([see instructions](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Running-the-GUI-from-source))

```

* Select the desired type of cloud (Azure or S3).

> * Click config which opens a new window for settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click "config," which opens a new window for settings.

```

* Enter the credentials for your cloud:
  - Go to [S3 Storage Configuration](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/S3-Storage-Configuration) to find S3 credential requirements.
  - Go to [Azure Storage Configuration](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Azure-Storage-Configuration) to find Azure credential requirements.
* Select you desired pipeline mode:
  - File Caching: Browse to a folder you wish to have you temp file caching.
  - Streaming: If 0MB are selected, streaming will not cache any blocks.
* Save your changes for the GUI to write your new config file.

> If you wish to manually configure the config file without the GUI, you can find instructions [here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Config-File).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually configure the config file without the GUI using the instructions [here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Config-File).

```

## Basic Use
### Linux

> Launch the provided GUI and check the configs are set from the above instructions in Config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch the provided GUI and use the [Config instructions above](/Config) to configure the settings.

```

* `To mount`

>   - Through the main window in the GUI, browse to the location you want your cloud to be mounted, then select the EMPTY folder you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Through the main window in the GUI, browse to the location you want your cloud to be mounted, then select the EMPTY folder you want. You may need to create this folder.

```

>   - In the drop down menu, select the type of cloud you have, either an S3 Bucket or Azure Blob Storage, then mount the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In the drop down menu, select the type of cloud you have, S3 or Azure, then click "mount."

```

  - You should now see your data in the folder you selected.
* `To unmount`

>   - Through the main window in the GUI, browse to the folder your mounted cloud resides and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Through the main window in the GUI, browse to your mounted folder and select it.

```

  - Select the type of cloud you have, S3 or Azure.
  - Click the unmount mutton.

>   - The folder the cloud was in should now be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The mount folder should now be empty.

```

### Windows

> Note: Make sure WinSFP is installed in the setup section dedicated to Windows.

Reviewer: Is this referring to the `Installation` section? I know it doesn't have subsections yet, but can you link that here? Something like this:
`in the [setup section dedicated to Windows](/Installation).`

Author: Yes, that was what I was referring to.

* `To Mount`

>   - Launch the provided GUI escalated with admin rights (this is for the windows service option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Launch the provided GUI with admin rights (this is for the windows service option).

```

Reviewer: If you'd like to leave it, I think the term is "elevated."

Author: I'm fine with your modification. I will hopefully remember the term is elevated, not escalated.

>   - To attach your cloud to a folder, browse to the location you want your cloud to mount and make sure that directory is empty.

Reviewer: Do we still have that weird difference on Windows where it needs the mount folder to *not* exist before mounting?

Author: Yes, the GUI handles that though

  - Select the type of cloud you want, either S3 or Azure.
  - Click mount.

>   - You will see an error if you did not launch the GUI with admin rights, if this happens just relaunch the GUI by right-clicking and selecting 'Run as Administrator'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You will see an error if you did not launch the GUI with admin rights, if this happens just relaunch the GUI by right-clicking the GUI icon and selecting 'Run as Administrator'.

```

* `To Unmount`
  - Launch the provided GUI with admin rights.

>   - Through the main window of the GUI, browse to the cloud you want unmounted and select that folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Through the main window of the GUI, browse to the folder you want unmounted and select it

```

  - Select the type of cloud you have mounted, either S3 or Azure.
  - Click unmount.

> If you do not desire to use the GUI to mount/unmount your cloud, please refer to Command Line Interface Operations below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the [command line interface](/command-line-interface-operations) to mount and unmount.

```

## Health Monitor
Cloudfuse also supports a health monitor. It allows customers gain more insight
into how their Cloudfuse instance is behaving with the rest of their machine.
Visit [here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Health-Monitor) to set it up.

> ## Command Line Interface Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Command Line Interface
```

> ### Linux Commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Linux:

```

The general format of the Cloudfuse Linux commands is `cloudfuse [command] [arguments]
--[flag-name]=[flag-value]`
* `help` - Help about any command
* `mount` - Mounts a cloud storage container as a filesystem. The supported
  containers include:
  - [S3 Bucket Storage](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
  - [Azure Blob Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blobs-introduction)
  - [Azure Datalake Storage Gen2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-introduction)
  - Example: cloudfuse mount \<mount path> --config-file=\<config file>
* `mount all` - Mounts all the containers in an S3 Account or Azure account supported by mount
  - Example: cloudfuse mount all \<mount path> --config-file=\<config file>
* `mount list` - Lists all Cloudfuse filesystems.
  - cloudfuse mount list
* `unmount` - Unmounts the Cloudfuse filesystem.
  - Example: cloudfuse unmount \<mount path>
* `unmount all` - Unmounts all Cloudfuse filesystems.
  - Example: cloudfuse unmount all

> * `secure decrypt` - Decrypts a config file.

Reviewer: These `secure` options are already described below, so we could drop them here.

Author: I will add another sub-heading to make it obvious both OS's can use them

* `secure encrypt` - Encrypts a config file.
* `secure get` - Gets value of a config parameter from an encrypted config file.
* `secure set` - Updates value of a config parameter.

> ### Windows Only Commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows:

```

The general format of the Cloudfuse Windows commands is:
 `cloudfuse service [command] [arguments] --[flag-name]=[flag-value]`
  * `cloudfuse service install` - Install as a Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service uninstall` - Uninstall cloudfuse from a Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service start` - Start the Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service stop` - Stop the Windows service
  * `cloudfuse service mount \<mount path>  --config-file=\<config file>` - Mount an instance that will persist in Windows when restarted
  * `cloudfuse service unmount \<mount path>` - Unmount mount of Cloudfuse running as a Windows service

> 

Author: Yeah I can do that

To use security options the general format for cloudfuse commands is `cloudfuse [command] [arguments] --[flag-name]=[flag-value]`
* `secure decrypt` - Decrypts a config file.
* `secure encrypt` - Encrypts a config file.
* `secure get` - Gets value of a config parameter from an encrypted config file.
* `secure set` - Updates value of a config parameter.

## Find help from your command prompt

> To see a list of commands, type `cloudfuse -h` and then press the ENTER key. To

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see a list of commands, type `cloudfuse -h`. To

```

cases, log relevant file paths to syslog. If this is sensitive information, turn
off logging or set log-level to LOG_ERR.  

## Third-Party Notices
See [notices](./NOTICE) for third party license notices.

Qt is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3, which is available at https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/lgpl.html

WinFSP is licensed under the GPLv3 license with a special exception for Free/Libre and Open Source Software, which is available at https://github.com/winfsp/winfsp/blob/master/License.txt

## Attribution
WinFsp - Windows File System Proxy, Copyright (C) Bill Zissimopoulos https://github.com/winfsp/winfsp

## License
The Cloudfuse project is licensed under MIT.

## Frequently Asked Questions
A list of FAQs can be found [here](https://github.com/Seagate/cloudfuse/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)

## Contributing

> This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.

Reviewer: Do we have a link to some instructions or guidelines for contributions or suggestions? The invitation feels perfunctory without something to go do or read next.

Author: We do not, I will add that in the backlog
